DreamBerd License, Version 1.0

Copyright (c) 2025-present DinhHuy2010 (https://github.com/DinhHuy2010)

Originally for the DreamBerd progamming language (https://github.com/TodePond/DreamBerd)

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING, 
INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT 
AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO 
NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE, OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

Permission is hereby granted by <copyright holder>, the <project name> authors 
and contributors (the "Licensors"), free of charge, to any person or legal 
entities (the "Licensee") obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without 
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, 
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, 
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in 
all copies or substantial portions of the Software in its source code form.

2. Redistribution of the Software in binary form must include this License and 
the following notice:
     "This software contains code from <project name> by <copyright holder>, 
the <project name> authors and contributors."

3. Unless explicitly granted, neither the names, trademarks, logos nor 
intellectual properties of the Licensors may be used to endorse or promote 
products derived from the Software.

4. This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of jurisdiction where the <copyright holder> is legally domiciled or 
incorporated, excluding its conflict of law principles.

5. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and those of 
the copyleft licenses, such GNU General Public License (GPL) or the Mozilla 
Public License (MPL), the Licensee may choose to comply with the terms of 
either this License or the copyleft license in its entirely.

6. The Software may include code or libraries from third-party projects that 
are licensed under their own terms. The Licensors disclaim any warranties and 
liabilities for such third-party code. The Licensee agrees to comply with the 
applicable licenses governing third-party dependencies.

7. The Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable local, national and 
international export and re-export laws and regulations, including those of 
the jurisdiction where the Licensors is legally domiciled or incorporated. The 
Software must not be used, exported, or re-exported to countries or entities 
prohibited under such laws.

8. In event that Licensee violates any section of this License, Licensors will 
terminate this License to Licensee. Upon termination, the Licensee must 
immediately cease all use, distribution, and modification of the Software and 
delete all copies of the Software in their possession. This termination does 
not limit any rights or remedies available to the Licensors under applicable 
law.

9. By submitting code or other material to the <project name>, the Licensee's 
contributors agree to grant Licensors a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, 
royalty-free license to use, modify, sublicense, and distribute their 
contributions as part of the <project name> under the terms of this license.

10. In addition to terms and conditions of this license, the Licensors hereby 
grants to the Licensee a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, 
royalty-free, irrevocable license to make, have made, use, sell, offer to 
sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Software, where such license applies 
only to those patent claims licensable by the Licensors that are necessarily 
infringed by the Software as distributed by the Licensors. This patent license 
does not apply to any modifications made to the Software by the Licensee or 
any third party, nor does it apply to any combinations of the Software with 
other software not distributed by the Licensors, unless such combination is 
specifically described in the Software documentation provided by the 
Licensors.

THE <project name is all caps> IS PROVIDED BY LICENSORS "AS IS", WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE 
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

License header:
Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holder>, the <project name> authors and 
contributors, all rights reserved.

Licensed under the DreamBerd License, Version 1.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at https://github.com/DinhHuy2010/DreamBerd-license

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


SPDX-License-Identifier: DreamBerd
